Basics of Software Testing: Basic definitions, Software Quality , Requirements, Behaviour and Correctness, Correctness versus Reliability, Testing and Debugging, Test cases, Insights from a Venn diagram, Identifying test cases, Test-generation Strategies, Test Metrics, Error and fault taxonomies , Levels of testing, Testing and Verification, Static Testing.

Textbook 3: Ch 1:1.2 - 1.5, 3; Textbook 1: Ch 1


 
Module-2 8 hours
Problem Statements: Generalized pseudo code, the triangle problem, the NextDate function, the commission problem, the SATM (Simple Automatic Teller Machine) problem, the currency converter, Saturn windshield wiper

Functional Testing: Boundary value analysis, Robustness testing, Worst-case testing, Robust Worst testing for triangle problem, NextDate problem and commission problem, Equivalence classes, Equivalence test cases for the triangle problem, NextDate function, and the commission problem, Guidelines and observations, Decision tables, Test cases for the triangle problem, NextDate function, and the commission problem, Guidelines and observations.

Textbook 1: Ch 2, 5, 6 & 7, Textbook 2: Ch 3

Module-3 8 hours
Fault Based Testing: Overview, Assumptions in fault based testing, Mutation analysis, Fault-based adequacy criteria, Variations on mutation analysis.

Structural Testing: Overview, Statement testing, Branch testing, Condition testing, Path testing: DD paths, Test coverage metrics, Basis path testing, guidelines and observations, Data –Flow testing: Definition-Use testing, Slicebased testing, Guidelines and observations.

T2:Chapter 16, 12 T1:Chapter 9 & 10

Module-4 8 hours
Test Execution: Overview of test execution, from test case specification to test cases, Scaffolding, Generic versus specific scaffolding, Test oracles, Self-checks as oracles, Capture and replay

Process Framework :Basic principles: Sensitivity, redundancy, restriction, partition, visibility, Feedback, the quality process, Planning and monitoring, Quality goals, Dependability properties ,Analysis Testing, Improving the process, Organizational factors. Planning and Monitoring the Process: Quality and process, Test and analysis strategies and plans, Risk planning, monitoring the process, Improving the process, the quality team.
T2: Chapter 17, 20.

 

Module-5 8 hours
Integration and Component-Based Software Testing: Overview, Integration testing strategies, Testing components and assemblies. System, Acceptance and Regression Testing: Overview, System testing, Acceptance testing, Usability, Regression testing, Regression test selection techniques, Test case prioritization and selective execution.

Levels of Testing, Integration Testing: Traditional view of testing levels, Alternative life-cycle models, The SATM system, Separating integration and system testing, A closer look at the SATM system, Decomposition-based, call graph-based, Path-based integrations.

T2: Chapter 21 & 22, T1 : Chapter 12 & 13
